SCIM: add docs (#49678)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/auth/saml/azure_ad.md

 ]
}
```

> Optional: if you also need automatic provisioning, continue to our [SCIM docs](../../scim). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: Optional, but recommended: [add automatic provisioning of users with SCIM](../../scim). 
```
